Adds theme info to the docs (#4059)
SAP/luigi: docs/general-settings.md

    * **useFioriScrollbars** (optional) if set to `true`, Fiori theming variables are applied to all scrollbars in luigi core app.
    * **variables** (optional) can either be a string set to `fiori` to get all CSS variables from the `fiori` theme, or an object with a property called `file` where you can declare your own CSS variables. The variables should be defined in a JSON file which starts with a `root` key. An example of how a CSS variables file should look like can be found [here](https://github.com/SAP/theming-base-content/blob/master/content/Base/baseLib/sap_horizon/variables.json).
- **example**:
```javascript
theming: {
  themes: () => [
    { id: 'light', name: 'Fiori3 Light' },
    { id: 'dark', name: 'Fiori3 Dark' },
    { id: 'sap_horizon', name: 'Morning Horizon' }
  ],
  defaultTheme: 'light',
  nodeViewURLDecorator: {
    queryStringParameter: {
      keyName: 'sap-theme',
      // optional
      value: themeId => {
        return themeId;
      }
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- add-attribute:class:warning -->

> > **NOTE:** Add the following line to HEAD section of your `index.html` file for the Luigi application to be sure the Horizon theme is displayed correctly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NOTE:** Add the following line to the HEAD section of your application's `index.html` file to be sure the Horizon theme is displayed correctly
```
@walmazacn what does "displayed correctly" mean here? I would like to say that the theme is loaded/is included/works because displayed can mean other things like displayed as an option in the themes list.

Author: In other words I would say the theme "works correctly" - if the given stylesheet isn't included then users won't see desired effect (incorrect colors, fonts, etc)
